README.md, before:

# fu27soma-pa

# 1. Installation
After a clean installation of Proxmox on a host machine, SSH into it and run the following code block.

```
apt update -y
apt upgrade -y
apt install git -y
apt install sshpass -y
cd -L
git clone https://github.com/saracoglumert/fu27soma-pa.git
cd fu27soma-pa
chmod +x manage.py
```

This will clone the repository to your machine, install the dependencies required for the **manage script** to work and make it an executable. After that, **manage script** can be used to interact with Proxmox and the host machine.

Before starting to build the project, **config.yaml** file must be set according to your network configuration, otherwise the build will fail. In order to build the project successfully, you **have to** set *host/network_gateway*, *node1/network_ip* and *node2/network_ip* values in a way suitable for your network infrastructure. **manage script** can you help you with this aswell. Run the script with the following argument and you will see suggestions. Other key values are still open for change, but not mandatory.

```
./manage.py config
```

After editing the **config.yaml** file, run the following command to build the nodes and get them running. The build may take up to 20 minutes depending on your internet connection.
```
./manage.py build
```

Other possible commands are,
```
./manage.py start
./manage.py stop
./manage.py destroy
./manage.py help
```

## To-Do
- Complete network scanner in manage script (and add to README) -- soon
- Insert endpoints and ips into db.sql -- soon
- UI on server node for endpoints -- p1
- UI for connection on nodes -- p1
- Solve problems with aca-py Redis plugin integration -- p2
- Access Redis cluster from Python -- p2
- Aries OPENAPI Tutorial -- p3
- Complete connection procedure -- p3
- SD-JWT with PCF in Payload -- p4

## Further Reading
- https://github.com/bcgov/von-network/blob/main/docs/UsingVONNetwork.md#building-and-starting
- https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-cloudagent-python/blob/main/docs/demo/AriesOpenAPIDemo.md#sending-a-message-from-alice-to-faber
- https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-cloudagent-python/blob/main/docs/demo/README.md
- https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-cloudagent-python/issues/2124
- https://ldej.nl/post/becoming-a-hyperledger-aries-developer-part-3-connecting-using-swagger/
- https://github.com/bcgov/aries-acapy-plugin-redis-events

## Notes To Self
Possible Public Ledgers
- https://idu.cloudcompass.ca
- http://test.bcovrin.vonx.io

Commit message:

update readme and to-do

README.md, after:

# fu27soma-pa

# 1. Installation
After a clean installation of Proxmox on a host machine, SSH into it and run the following code block.

```
apt update -y
apt upgrade -y
apt install git -y
apt install sshpass -y
cd -L
git clone https://github.com/saracoglumert/fu27soma-pa.git
cd fu27soma-pa
chmod +x manage.py
```

This will clone the repository to your machine, install the dependencies required for the **manage script** to work and make it an executable. After that, **manage script** can be used to interact with Proxmox and the host machine.

Before starting to build the project, **config.yaml** file must be set according to your network configuration. You **have to** set *host/network_gateway*, *node1/network_ip* and *node2/network_ip* values in a way suitable for your network infrastructure, otherwise the build will fail. **manage script** can you help you with this aswell. Run the script with the following argument and you will see suggestions. Other key values are still open for change, but not mandatory.

```
./manage.py config
```

After editing the **config.yaml** file, run the following command to build the nodes and get them running. The build may take up to 20 minutes depending on your internet connection.
```
./manage.py build
```

Other possible commands are,
```
./manage.py start
./manage.py stop
./manage.py destroy
./manage.py help
```

## To-Do
- UI on server node for endpoints (end of manage script) -- p1
- UI for connection on nodes -- p1
- Update to aca-py v0.12.1 -- p1.5
- Solve problems with aca-py Redis plugin integration -- p2
- Access Redis cluster from Python -- p2
- Aries OPENAPI Tutorial -- p3
- Complete connection procedure -- p3
- Issue credential / Request proof -- p4
- SD-JWT with PCF in Payload -- p4
- Prettify CLI (library 'click' or 'argparse') -- p5

## Further Reading
- http://aca-py.org
- https://medium.com/@rajatpachauri12345/what-are-redis-cluster-and-how-to-setup-redis-cluster-locally-69e87941d573
- https://github.com/bcgov/von-network/blob/main/docs/UsingVONNetwork.md#building-and-starting
- https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-cloudagent-python/blob/main/docs/demo/AriesOpenAPIDemo.md#sending-a-message-from-alice-to-faber
- https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-cloudagent-python/blob/main/docs/demo/README.md
- https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-cloudagent-python/issues/2124
- https://ldej.nl/post/becoming-a-hyperledger-aries-developer-part-3-connecting-using-swagger/
- https://github.com/bcgov/aries-acapy-plugin-redis-events

## Notes To Self
Possible Public Ledgers
- https://idu.cloudcompass.ca
- http://test.bcovrin.vonx.io
